feat(docs): pyoso sheet connector (#4014)
opensource-observer/oso: apps/docs/docs/guides/google-sheets.md

| mno345JKL012qrs678TUVwxy901ABCdef234    | pilot-project   | Pilot Project Data      | DemoValue5 | 2                | 500.0    | 10           | 5.0      | 3            |

_(Actual values will align with your sheet and OSO metrics.)_

## Step 5: Make Updates to the Sheet

You can make updates to the sheet and they will be reflected in pyoso. For example, if you add a new row to the sheet, it will be reflected in the `df_projects` DataFrame. You can even change column names.

:::info
Updates to your spreadsheet might take up to 10 minutes to be reflected in pyoso.
:::

## Troubleshooting

- **Permission Denied**

  - Ensure you shared both the metadata sheet and each data sheet with your service account email.
  - Verify the Base64-encoded key matches the JSON key for that service account.

- **Connector Not Found**

  - Check that you used the exact sheet ID (not the full URL) when you created the metadata sheet entry.
  - Confirm the `#TabName` suffix matches a tab that actually exists in the spreadsheet.

- **Empty Results**
  - Double-check the `table_name` in your metadata sheet matches your SQL `FROM` clause (including capitalization).

>   - Run `SELECT * FROM [your_org_name]_gsheets.default.__TABLES__` to list all available sheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Run `SHOW TABLES  FROM [your_org_name]_[connector_name].default` to list all available sheets.
```
